So now let's look at another example,
which is when feature zero has a value of
one and then the other two features have a value of zero.
So first of all, we can verify that
our calculation is the same as the shaft library calculation.
So feature zero has an importance value of 0.125,
and feature one has an importance value of negative 0.375.
Again, the expected value when you have no features is
0.25 and the sum of the sharply values for all these features.
So the sum of these two values is negative 0.25.
So you can see that these two push the prediction in different directions,
but the sum of their predictions gives the model's prediction of zero.
So you can think about this and pause
the video because I'll go over the interpretation here.
So the interpretation is that,
remember we're simulating the end operator with our data.
So when feature zero has a value of one,
it's getting a bit closer to that one case
where if both features are one feature one are one,
then the output is one.
On the other hand, since feature one has a value of zero,
it's like a true-false table.
When at least one of them is false,
then the output has to be false.
So this zero is pushing the prediction downward by this amount,
and notice that this zero is pushing the prediction downward more by a larger amount.
So the magnitude of this is 0.375 whereas the magnitude of this is 0.125.
You can think about that conceptually,
it makes sense because when you have a true-false table with the AND operator,
then the false case,
having a single value of
single feature being false has a stronger pull on the final result.
Because when you know that at least one of them is false,
then the output will be false.
Whereas what you need both inputs to be true in order for the output to be true.
So move on to Test 3 for one more example.